# Project Structure

- **cypress**: e2e tests
  - **fixtures**: sample data
  - **e2e**: test scripts
- **docs**: developers documentation. Breaking down the documents makes it easier to track their changes in Git.
- **public**: static files (such as favicon, manifest, robots.txt, ...)
- **src**: source codes
  - **\_\_test\_\_**: integration tests or test fixtures
  - **assets**: resource files such as images, ...
  - **components**: reusable components
  - **config**: config object mostly based on environment variables.
  - **i18n**: multi language support
    - **translations**: multi language texts. This file can be generated by a script, retrieving the texts from a headless CMS, Excel sheet or any other source.
  - **pages**: nextjs pages
    - **active-creators**: contains the active creators page
  - **services**: Logics related to fetching data from API and processing data.
    - **creators**: creators related logics and types.
  - **styles**: global styles and theme implementation
  - **types**: typescript helpers or global types
  - **utils**: global utility functions

## Some comments

- This folder structure is subjective. It is based on my experience and what I've found useful. Depending on the objectives, complexity of the project, and other factors, it can vary.
- The convention I've used for this project for components folder structure is:
  **component-folder-name** (in kebab-case) -> **ComponentName.tsx** (in PascalCase), **style.ts** file, to separate the component styles from the component logic.
- Inside some folders, there is an **index.ts** file that exports all necessary variables within that folder. This makes it easier to import them into other files and also conceals the internal structure of the folder from external view.
